• Explain some of the main features of HTML Forms and Input elements you used to help
make sure the user’s input was valid for your forms.

Some of the main features of HTML Forms and Input that I used to validate input included
built-in form validation such as adding validation attributes on my forms. Specifically, 
I used "required" to specify if certain fields needed to filled in before submitting it. 
I also implemented regular expressions by adding the pattern attributes to check if the given 
input matched the required format for specific types such as phone numbers and postal codes. 
Some of the input elements to restrict user input that I utilized included radio buttons and 
checkboxes where the input was validated using Javascript. Overall this project required the 
implementation of multiple types of HTML input elements to create a form. 

• How did you test that your forms were working, and did this testing find any bugs in
your implementation? How did you address these?
I tested if my forms were working by supplying invalid data and seeing if it would submit.
A bug I encountered was my form would submit despite required data not being supplied. I 
addressed this by adding a required attribute to their designated input fields. I also 
noticed that my contact form was accepting invalid email addresses. I fixed this bug by 
specifying that the desired input is an email type for the input boxes. Finally, I tested
if my subscribe form was working by inputting my own email and checking if I received anything.

• What advice would you give to other web developers building forms for their pages
based on your own experience? What lessons did you learn?
Some advice I would give to other developers who are building forms for their own pages is to
create the most simple and straightforward form that tells the user exactly what is needed from them.
It is important to create user friendly forms that anyone can navigate. I would also give the advice
to include client-side form validation that is built in so that they receive the right data in the right format.
This is important to both the user and the website owner so that they can communicate using the 
implemented form smoothly. 


